oh boy dogs may be our best friend but
when it comes to communication we're
more like neighbors three doors down if
you've ever wondered what your little
buddy is trying to say like if they're
trying to warn you of something hey get
him to use his words yeah otherwise try
these sneezing and yawning not you the
dog when your dog starts sneezing or
opening their mouth to yawn you might
think they've inhaled some pollen or
that they just need a nap
but if they're in an unfamiliar
environment surrounded by strange people
or pets it might mean Fido is getting
nervous things can get confusing because
yawning is also a sign of contentment so
keep an eye out to see if your putts
yawn seems out of place high and stiff
tail when you're out and about with your
pooch you may notice their tail sticking
straight up as with yawning this can
mean different things depending on the
situation often it's your dog's way of
showing off showing other hounds that
they're not just any other mutt be
careful though because a raised tail is
also used to show dominance and canines
won't always agree on who's top dog
tongue flicking the next time you see
your dog licking his chops it doesn't
necessarily mean he's hungry flicks of
the tongue are a sign that they're
worried you might be angry with them if
they just ate your pot roast five
minutes before the guests arrive you
might have a reason to be mad but don't
confuse anxiety with guilt dogs are
pretty good at reading the room but
don't always know when they've done
something wrong tilting their head does
your dog tilt its head when you talk to
it and maybe trying to hear you better
or see you around its muzzle however
dogs can recognize patterns and the head
tilting can happen because they know it
gets a giggle out of you dogs might not
know the word cute but they know being
cute is a great way to get your approval
be careful though constant tilting of
their head can be sign of an ear
infection that needs treatment digging
chances are you like dogs a lot more
than a hole in your lawn but sometimes
it can be tricky to get one without the
other your canine companion might be
digging for several reasons anxiety and
hunger are both possibilities but one
common cause is boredom a dog with too
much energy needs to find something to
do with its dog and if it's not playing
fetch or going on walks
digging is their next favorite pastime
iContact does your dog love to sticker
snout in your face or does he turn away
when you try to look him in the eye for
dog's eye contact is a sign of trust and
affection if they turn away it means
they're either frightened uncomfortable
or doing something you wouldn't approve
of hey where'd my ham go drooping ears
few things are sad or looking than a dog
with drooping ears usually that's
precisely the signal they're trying to
send it can also be another sign of an
ear infection if giving them their
favorite toy doesn't seem to cheer them
up it might be a good idea to swing by
the vet remember even a seemingly minor
infection can cause permanent damage to
your furry friend bringing you things
Doug's appreciate gifts just as much as
people and they like to give them too if
Rover comes bounding up to drop his
favorite toy two feet it might mean he
wants you to have it this is also the
reason dogs will occasionally return
with random objects they found outside
or any small animals that weren't quick
enough to get away how sweet your dog or
can't ever brought you a surprising
little gift let me know down in the
comments if you've seen any of this
strange behavior in your pet and on to
the next one wagging their tail to the
left or right now we tend to assume that
a wagging tail means a dog is happy but
that's not always the case
wagging on the right is a sign that they
want to approach a person or animal but
if their tail is wagging on the left
that's their way of warning you about
danger like that snake hiding in the
bushes long story short you both
we'll be better off somewhere else
wagging back and forth a slow tail wag
back and forth signals that the dog is
unsure of the situation so you might
want to keep your distance until he's
figured it out a quick and shaky back
and forth may look completely different
but has a similar meaning tick it as a
signal that the animal is on edge and
best left alone for now
destructive chewing well it shouldn't be
news to anyone that dogs like to chew
unfortunately
chewing isn't always restricted to their
toys and many a shoe has fallen afoul of
fidos teeth usually it's enough just to
direct your dog to something more
appropriate if that doesn't work it
could mean something is missing from
their diet like leather or that they're
feeling anxious touching you is your dog
feeling lonely dogs will often put their
paw on you while you're sitting down or
rub up against you as you go past
puppies also tend to paw at the air when
they want something these are their ways
of getting your attention it probably
means they want you to pet or play with
it so get to it whimpering this is a
tricky one since the same sounds can
mean different things
assuming you've already made sure your
pet is free from injury it could be
their way of telling you that they need
to be walked and soon it might also be a
sign of fear so keep your eyes out for
other sides like hiding their tail
between their legs constant kisses
depending on your personality getting
licked by a big slobbery pooch is either
the best or worst thing your pet can do
for you
I like it part of it is that dogs just
like the way you taste or more
accurately this salt in your sweat it
can also be a sign of submission or an
attempt to gain a belly rub scooting
across the floor it may be funny to see
your four-legged friend dragging his
rear end across the floor but that
usually means they need a good bath it
can also be a sign of intestinal
parasites if you notice that your little
buddy spends a lot of time dragging
their backside across the
it's probably time to get them checked
out tearing furniture if your dogs
tearing up the couch it could signal a
bad case of separation anxiety
most pups will grow out of it but in the
meantime you can try walking them more
regularly
this will help burn off that pent-up
energy and reinforce that you don't stop
existing every time you leave for work
if the problem persists you might want
to think about consulting a professional
dog trainer limp tail a dog's tail is an
essential tool for both communication
and balance if your dog's tail is
hanging limp and they don't seem to like
using it well that's a red flag that
something might be wrong the tail is one
of the most injury prone parts of a
dog's body so if there's is barely
getting any use you'll want to have it
looked at right away
curl tails some dogs have naturally
curly tails what if it looks like your
dog is pulling their tail toward the
head it's a sign they're getting
overexcited especially if they're in a
large unfamiliar crowd or there are loud
noises you'll want to find a nice quiet
spot where they can calm down before
they get too worked up tail chasing
certain breeds such as German Shepherds
and some Terriers are known to chase
their tails compulsively and no one is
100% sure why with other breeds it might
just be that they're bored or looking
for attention meanwhile puppies don't
always realize the tail their nipping is
their own just make sure they aren't
trying to bite their tail since that can
be a red flag of parasites or some other
medical problem bowing when you see a
dog bend its front legs and raise its
behind in the air that's your cue
it's time to play human well I wouldn't
recommend it while surrounded by
strangers you can try bowing back if you
really want to make the pooches day by
the way have you noticed that dogs are
lousy card players it's true it's very
easy to win over the pooch the reason
well dogs tend to wag their tails when
they get a good hand
if you learn something new today then
give the video a like and share it with
a friend
here are some other cool videos to check
out just wag your clicker to the left
and right and remember stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]